Update index.md (#435)
JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl: docs/src/index.md

The main goals of this package are:
- **Flexibility**: operations between kernels should be fluid and easy without breaking.
- **Plug-and-play**: including the kernels before/after other steps should be straightforward.

> - **Automatic Differentation compatibility**: all kernel functions which _ought_ to be differentiable using AD packages like [ForwardDiff.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ForwardDiff.jl) or [Zygote.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Zygote.jl) _should_ be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Automatic Differentiation compatibility**: all kernel functions which _ought_ to be differentiable using AD packages like [ForwardDiff.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ForwardDiff.jl) or [Zygote.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Zygote.jl) _should_ be.
```
found another typo in our readme...

> This package builds on top of lots of excellent existing work in packages such as [MLKernels.jl](https://github.com/trthatcher/MLKernels.jl), [Stheno.jl](https://github.com/willtebbutt/Stheno.jl), [GaussianProcesses.jl](https://github.com/STOR-i/GaussianProcesses.jl), and [AugmentedGaussianProcesses.jl](https://github.com/theogf/AugmentedGaussianProcesses.jl).

Reviewer: Maybe for another PR, but MLKernels.jl is dead (KernelFunctions.jl is the successor!) so might be better to point that out as a historic relation, not as "existing work" anymore?

And it might be more relevant for people coming across the README to see where KernelFunctions is _used_, e.g. AbstractGPs.jl, instead of not-related projects like STOR-i's...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package replaces the now-defunct [MLKernels.jl](https://github.com/trthatcher/MLKernels.jl). It incorporates lots of excellent existing work from packages such as [GaussianProcesses.jl](https://github.com/STOR-i/GaussianProcesses.jl), and is used in downstream packages such as [AbstractGPs.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/AbstractGPs.jl), [ApproximateGPs.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/ApproximateGPs.jl), [Stheno.jl](https://github.com/willtebbutt/Stheno.jl), and [AugmentedGaussianProcesses.jl](https://github.com/theogf/AugmentedGaussianProcesses.jl).
```
